Okay, I have another simple, quick, easy project that I want to create. I always use some kind of dashboard to manage my home lab and visualize all the stuff that I am running and also what stuff I am running externally. But most of the dashboards seem like they are stuck in the past, which I don't really like. So currently, what I use is CasaOS, which isn't really used for this, but you know, I managed to make it work because when I deploy services, I, let's say, I mostly deploy on CasaOS or Dockploy, but that's not the main point. It's just the CasaOS management and the visualization is so good and easy to use that I like it really much. So here is what I want from the project. I want it stylized and simple, looking like Vercel, in the Vercel style, so ChatCN, styling, GoBackEnd and SolidJS or React frontend, really easy, modern, dark and white mode, nice to look at and easy to manage. I want drag and drop, no authentication, easy plus button to add service. At external service, so you provide the URL, the name, and the link or the file of the image. So you add these to that, it then visualizes it easily from it. Also, when we add the URL for the service, let's allow insertion of multiple URLs. So, for example, the user has local URL for when they are on the local network. Another they have, for example, external, so their domain if they are externally. Then they can save both of these, then mark it as local or external. And then when I click on the dashboard on the service, it shows a pop-up of these two and they can choose, and it takes them to the proper website. So easy like that. Make sure it's really drag and drop, reorient. Also another feature that I'm missing from QOS is grouping, so let's say I have four services, I group them into one section, it then visualizes it, I can close it, open it, reorient the whole section, make it really nice, really easy, really nice visually and the UI, UX. Also, what I want from the app, I just want it to be a lightweight. I open it, see date, time, for example, time zones, and... Let's add some random widget the user can add. For example, let's add Pi-hole, which would be great for the user. AdGuard, Image, for example, if the user are using Image. And I will later send a list of what services exactly I am using, so we can prepare a proper widget structure for other stuff that have APIs and so on. So this should be all of it.